Holly docs (#11)
OxfordSchmidtAIFellows/turbo-parakeet: Data/README.md

> The data attached is associated with Figure 1H-K from the 2022 iScience paper. It contains 1s of data (in 100ms bins = 10 bins/response). Data are as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The data attached is associated with Figure 1H-K from the 2022 iScience paper. It contains 1s of data (Fig1H-K_SI1G-I.csv: 100ms bins = 10 bins/response; 20ms_bins_dataframe.csv: 20ms bins=50 bins/response). Data are as follows:
```
